
OMNI EXECUTABLES (BETA RELEASE) FOR WINDOWS AND MAC OS: SOFTWARE DISCLAIMER
------------------------------------------------------------------------

RAYTHEON BBN grants you the following GENI Public Licence to the BETA
versions of the Omni experimenter tool executables for Microsoft
Windows and Mac OS:

Copyright (c) 2010 Raytheon BBN Technologies

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and/or hardware specification (the “Work”) to
deal in the Work without restriction, including without limitation the
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense,
and/or sell copies of the Work, and to permit persons to whom the Work
is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Work.

THE WORK IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE WORK OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE WORK.

This permission is conditioned on your keeping intact all copyright,
trademark, and other proprietary notices, and your acceptance of any
terms, conditions, and notices accompanying the Content or otherwise
set forth in this site.

The Work includes the following software:
1. Python language libraries distributed under the Python Software
Foundation Licence Verstion 2
(http://opensource.org/licenses/Python-2.0).
2. Python M2Crypto distributed under the licence at
http://svn.osafoundation.org/m2crypto/tags/0.20.2/LICENCE
3. Python dateutil distributed under the BSD 2-Clause License
(Simplified BSD License) at
http://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-2-Clause
4. pyOpenSSL distributed under Apache License 2.0 at
http://bazaar.launchpad.net/~exarkun/pyopenssl/trunk/view/head:/LICENSE.
